docs(web-ssr): add V3 migration guide, recipe-card-cta page, changelo… (#216)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/web_ssr/main-features/recipe-card-cta.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Recipe card CTA

## Overview

The recipe card CTA is a minimal add-to-basket component for use in contexts where you want to display **only the call-to-action button** without the full recipe card. It is typically used when you have already rendered a recipe card and need to inject a standalone CTA alongside it (for example, in a shelf where the recipe image is handled separately by your own layout).

<!-- TODO: add screenshot -->

The base URL:

```
GET https://MEALZ_SSR_API_URL/API_VERSION/recipe-card-cta
```

:::warning
Do not forget the [mandatory HTTP headers](./pre-rendered-components#http-request-headers).
:::

> ## Parameters
> 
> - `recipe_id: string`:
>   **_(Mandatory)_** The internal Mealz ID of the recipe for which to render the CTA.
> 
> - `store_id: string`:
>   **_(Recommended)_** The store ID. Required to show basket state (whether the recipe is already in the cart).
> 
> - `recipe_name: string` 🆕:
>   **_(Optional)_** The display name of the recipe. Used for accessibility labels and confirmation messages on the CTA button.
> 
> - `to_basket_on_click: boolean`:
>   **_(Optional)_** When `true`, clicking the CTA adds the recipe directly to the basket without opening the details drawer first.

Reviewer: ⚠️ Contrats params faux vs code V3 (`recipe-card-cta.controller.ts`) :
- `store_id` est **obligatoire** (pas Recommended)
- identité = `recipe_id` **ou** `recipe_name` (XOR)
- `serves` (défaut `4`) non documenté

```suggestion
## Parameters

- `recipe_id: string` **or** `recipe_name: string` 🆕:
  **_(Mandatory — one of the two)_** Identify the recipe by internal Mealz ID (`recipe_id`), or by display name (`recipe_name`) when you only have the title (e.g. retailer catalog). If both are sent, `recipe_id` wins. If resolved by name with no exact match, the route returns an empty body.

- `store_id: string`:
  **_(Mandatory)_** The store ID. Required by the V3 route (also used to show whether the recipe is already in the cart).

- `serves: number = 4`:
  **_(Optional)_** Initial guest/serving count for the CTA.

- `to_basket_on_click: boolean`:
  **_(Optional)_** When `true`, clicking the CTA adds the recipe directly to the basket without opening the details drawer first.
```
